update `Keyboard.lock` exception section and add a note (#29804)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/keyboard/lock/index.md

can only capture keys that are granted access by the underlying operating
system.

> > **Note:** If `lock()` is called multiple times without an intervening call to `unlock()`, then only the keyCodes specified in the last request call will be in effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `lock()` is called multiple times without an intervening call to {{domxref("Keyboard.unlock()", "unlock()")}}, then only the key codes specified in the last call will be locked.
```

(I'm a bit on the fence about removing the Note formatting, but on the whole I think notes are over-used on MDN.)
